EC-220: User management revision (#1243)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/user_management/token.md

The token service can generate a unique token which is valid for a given time.

After user registration a token is created and stored in the database.
When the user clicks the URL that they receive in an email, the token is validated and fetched from the database.
After the user has been activated, the token is removed from the database.

## Creating a token

A token contains:

- `userId`
- parameters 
- the time in which it is valid
- a service and method which are called if a customer uses the link with the token

``` php
use Silversolutions\Bundle\ToolsBundle\Entity\Token;
use Silversolutions\Bundle\ToolsBundle\Services\TokenService;

$newsletterTokenData = new NewsletterTokenData();
$newsletterTokenData->setParams($newsletterParams);
$newsletterTokenData->setCustomerProfileData($customerProfileData);
$actionServiceMethod = 'subscribeNewsletter';
$actionService = 'siso_newsletter.newsletter.newsletter_service';
/** @var Token $token */
$token = $this->tokenService->createToken(
    $currentUser->id,
    $newsletterTokenData,
    $validUntil,
    $actionService,
    $actionServiceMethod,
    Token::TOKEN_TYPE_ONE_TIME
);
```

## Using the token

> You can use the token in the built-in token controller to call a service and method, or in a custom controller or service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the token to call a service and method in the built-in token controller, or in a custom controller or service.
```
Is it 
"... in the built-in token controller that calls a service and method..."
or
"the token to call a service and method in the built-in token controller, or in a custom controller or service"
?

> You can use the token in the built-in token controller to call a service and method, or in a custom controller or service.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the token in the built-in token controller when calling a service and method, or in a custom controller or service.
```

### Checking the token

> The token can be checked using `TokenService`. It returns the parameters stored when the token was created: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token can be checked with the `TokenService`. It returns the parameters that were stored when the token was created: 
```

``` php
$userToken = "12909dmsd912912"; // e.g. from the Request
/** @var Token $token */
$token = $this->tokenService->loadToken($userToken);

$serviceMethod = $token->getActionServiceMethod();
$tokenParameter = $token->getActionServiceMethodParameter();
```

#### TokenController

> You can use the token to distribute unique links to customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the token to deliver unique links to customers.
```

`TokenController` is available at the `/token/[token]` route, for example: `/token/124f564f6d4df4fd3fd4df34fd34fd`.

> `TokenController` is called to process a token, e.g. after user registration when the user clicks the activation link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TokenController` is called to process a token, for example, after user registration when the user clicks the activation link.
```

> This controller loads the token from the database, activates the user account and invalidates the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller loads the token from the database, activates the user account and invalidates the token.
```

> Each token has the following attributes to process the token-specific logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each token has the following attributes that are processed by the token-specific logic:
```
